docs: Improve Kafka client tutorials (#1581)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/develop/guide-go.mdx

## Set up a Redpanda environment

<SetUpDocker frontmatter={frontMatter}/>

## Set up your environment

1. Create and set your working directory to the project folder, `chat-room`:

   ```bash
   mkdir chat-room
   cd chat-room
   ```

2. Initialize the project:

  ```bash
  go mod init com/redpanda/chat-room
  ```

3. Install the required dependencies:

  ```bash
  go get github.com/twmb/franz-go
  go get github.com/twmb/franz-go/pkg/kadm
  go get github.com/google/uuid
  ```

## Create a topic

You need a topic named `chat-room` for both Redpanda and the client to use to store chat room messages. If you completed the Redpanda Quickstart, this topic already exists in your cluster.

1. Verify that the `chat-room` topic exists in your cluster by listing all topics:

  ```bash
  docker exec -it redpanda-0 rpk topic list
  ```

  Output:

  ```
  NAME       PARTITIONS  REPLICAS
  chat-room  1           1
  ```

1. If the topic doesn't exist yet, use [rpk](../../reference/rpk) to create a `chat-room` topic:

  ```bash
  docker exec -it redpanda-0 rpk topic create chat-room
  ```

  Output:

  ```
  TOPIC      STATUS
  chat-room  OK
  ```

> ## Make sure the topic exists on the client side

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Confirm that the topic exists on the client side
```

	"github.com/twmb/franz-go/pkg/kgo"
)

type Admin struct {
	client *kadm.Client
}

func NewAdmin(brokers []string) *Admin {
	client, err := kgo.NewClient(
		kgo.SeedBrokers(brokers...),
	)
	if err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}

	admin := kadm.NewClient(client)
	return &Admin{client: admin}
}

func (a *Admin) TopicExists(topic string) bool {
	ctx := context.Background()
	topicsMetadata, err := a.client.ListTopics(ctx)
	if err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}

	for _, metadata := range topicsMetadata {
		if metadata.Topic == topic {
			return true
		}
	}

	return false
}

func (a *Admin) CreateTopic(topic string) {
	ctx := context.Background()
	resp, err := a.client.CreateTopics(ctx, 1, 1, nil, topic)
	if err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}

	for _, ctr := range resp {
		if ctr.Err != nil {
			fmt.Printf("Unable to create topic '%s': %s", ctr.Topic, ctr.Err)
		} else {
			fmt.Printf("Created topic '%s'\n", ctr.Topic)
		}
	}
}

func (a *Admin) Close() {
	a.client.Close()
}
```

## Create a producer

A client needs a producer to publish `chat-room` topic messages.

To create a producer for the client, in `chat-room/` create a source file `producer.go` with the following content.

> ```go title="producer.go"

Reviewer: Please update for each app--I assume this is single sourced so just the one update:

NOTE
These sample files are based on the assumption that you're running the Redpanda Quickstart, where the external port for broker redpanda-0 is set to port 19092. If you're not using the Redpanda Quickstart, make sure that the broker's port is correct for your deployment.

	)
	if err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}

	return &Consumer{client: client, topic: topic}
}

func (c *Consumer) PrintMessages() {
	ctx := context.Background()

	for {
		fetches := c.client.PollFetches(ctx)
		iter := fetches.RecordIter()
		for !iter.Done() {
			record := iter.Next()

			var msg Message
			if err := json.Unmarshal(record.Value, &msg); err != nil {
				fmt.Printf("Error decoding message: %v\n", err)
				continue
			}
			fmt.Printf("%s: %s\n", msg.User, msg.Message)
		}
	}
}

func (c *Consumer) Close() {
	c.client.Close()
}
```

You now have a consumer that reads all messages from the `chat-room`
topic and prints them to the console. You can start as many consumer groups as
you like, but remember that each group reads a message only once, which is
why the example is using a generated UUID for the group ID. This way, each time you run the application, you see all previous messages.

## Create a client application

The client needs an application that creates the topic, producer, and consumer and implements the chat logic.

To create a client application, in `chat-room/` create a source file `main.go` with the following content.

:::note

> These sample files assume you're running the Redpanda Quickstart, where the external port for broker `redpanda-0` is set to port 19092. If you're not using the Redpanda Quickstart, make sure that the broker's port is correct for your deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These sample files are based on the assumption that you're running the Redpanda Quickstart, where the external port for broker `redpanda-0` is set to port 19092. If you're not using the Redpanda Quickstart, make sure that the broker's port is correct for your deployment.
```
